Stop it
You immortal
Do you know who I am?
How dare you hit me?
Humph
Aren't you the fake daughter who was kicked out of the Lu family?
I don't care.
Who the hell am I?
My chairperson
Then isn't he the old man?
Qing Huan, are you alright?
I am your grandfather
Your marriage to the brat
I ordered
This stinky beggar
What young lady?
It's over, it's over, I'll offend Grandpa Liu
This marriage between me and Bomunian is not a robbery, oops
Officer, don't worry.
Whatever, girl
Can't take away the position of your doctor's mistress
The person my grandfather likes in his twilight years is me
He broke off his marriage with this Lu Xinhuan
Coming, coming, newlywed
Shut up
Only one bet
More deceived than foreigners stop